chore: add Dockerfile to build command line inside docker (#196)
ForestAdmin/toolbelt: README.md

- `schema:apply` apply the current schema of your repository to the specified environment (using your `.forestadmin-schema.json` file).
- `schema:update` refresh your schema by generating files that do not currently exist.

## Docker

### ENV variables

- `DATABASE_SCHEMA` the schema used by the database. (not for all commands)
- `DATABASE_URL` the connection string. (not fot all commands)

> - `FOREST_ENV_SECRET` the env secret token used to recognize your environment you working on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `FOREST_ENV_SECRET` the env secret token used to access your Forest Admin environment.
```

> - `FOREST_URL` the URL of forestadmin-server.

Reviewer: Not needed for general population.
```suggestion
```

- `SILENT` used to not log commands results. (optional)
- `TOKEN_PATH` path where store the session token. (need to be "/usr/src/app" to work with the docker image)

If you have an `.env` file in you current folder docker should take it to run commands. So you can define the missing ENV variable inside.
Otherwise you should pass all env variable you need in the `docker run` command, eg: `-e TOKEN_PATH="/usr/src/app"`.

### Commands

> #### Using ForestAdmin in production
> - `FOREST_URL`="https://api.forestadmin.com"
> - `TOKEN_PATH`="/usr/src/app"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Using ForestAdmin via Docker
- `TOKEN_PATH`="/usr/src/app"
```

```bash
docker run --rm --init -it -v `pwd`:/usr/src/app forestadmin/toolbelt:latest [command]
```

> #### Using ForestAdmin in development
> 
> - `FOREST_URL`="https://api.development.forestadmin.com"
> - `TOKEN_PATH`="/usr/src/app"
> - `NODE_TLS_REJECT_UNAUTHORIZED`=0
> 
> ```bash
> docker run --rm --init -it -v `pwd`:/usr/src/app --add-host=api.development.forestadmin.com:host-gateway forestadmin/toolbelt:latest [command]
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Would keep this in internal documentation.
```suggestion
```
